Page 3: Employee Code of Conduct & Ethics

All employees of Apex Global Investments are expected to adhere to the highest standards of ethical conduct and professional integrity. This Code of Conduct outlines the principles that guide our behavior and decision-making.

Key Principles:

Honesty and Integrity: We are truthful and transparent in all our dealings. We avoid conflicts of interest and disclose any potential conflicts promptly.

Client Confidentiality: We protect the privacy and confidentiality of our clients' information. We do not disclose client information to unauthorized parties.

Fair Dealing: We treat all clients and colleagues fairly and equitably. We avoid engaging in any discriminatory or unfair practices.

Compliance with Laws and Regulations: We comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations. We report any suspected violations to the Compliance department.

Professionalism: We conduct ourselves in a professional manner at all times. We maintain a respectful and courteous attitude towards clients and colleagues.

Respect for Others: We treat all individuals with respect and dignity. We do not tolerate any form of harassment or discrimination.

Specific Prohibitions:

Insider Trading: Using non-public information for personal gain or to benefit others.

Bribery and Corruption: Offering or accepting bribes or kickbacks.

Fraud and Misrepresentation: Making false or misleading statements.

Theft and Embezzlement: Stealing or misappropriating company assets.

Discrimination and Harassment: Engaging in any form of discrimination or harassment based on race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, age, disability, or other protected characteristics.

Reporting Violations:

Employees are encouraged to report any suspected violations of this Code of Conduct to their manager, the Human Resources department, or the Compliance department. Reports will be treated confidentially, and employees will not be retaliated against for reporting in good faith.